now it's time for something that i'm not
really sure what this is i was recently
asked to give feedback on
some music are you familiar with mark
ronson and miley cyrus the performers
well they have a song called nothing
breaks like a heart it's number one on
the billboard dance chart
and the video was like got more than 65
million views but something about it
was not right and that's where i came in
[Music]
this is dumb it's not even true
i'm sorry but i have no choice i'm gonna
have to sue you guys
what are you talking about sue us yeah i
mean nothing breaks like a heart
it's a lie hearts don't even really
break they're
they're squishy come on jimmy it's just
like a song everyone loves it i have no
problem with the song it's just the
title of the song is a lie
that's ridiculous this is your friend no
you know what breaks
a lamp breaks lamps break obviously
nothing breaks like a lamp
that's not a song though see that jimmy
oh that's uncalled for seriously it's
not uncalled for i'll show you you want
to see something come with me
that's pretty cool josh i'm gonna show
you guys
what breaks nothing breaks like
prescription glasses
it's so rude it's a lesson
nothing breaks like a television monitor
that didn't break i guess you know what
i'm saying i know what you mean
i'm so glad that didn't break well point
not proven
you get the point though it would have
broken it would have broken more than a
heart that's for sure
oh here's something nothing breaks like
a paparazzi camera
oh that bro i'm actually happy you did
that bro
here we go mugs nothing breaks like a
muck
give it a try
here do this this is so good
it's fun right look at this snow globes
nothing breaks like a snow globe that's
for sure go
felt good mm-hmm nice right
wow you're really getting the hang of
[Applause]
this
[Music]
yeah i know this is fun and everything
but it's a lot of fun
you're taking it too long you know
the song's not supposed to be literal
it's a simile
oh yeah it's a ceremony what's a simile
you don't know what a simile is
yeah no
simile a figure of speech comparing two
essential
unlike things and often introduced by
like
or as you get it now yeah
so if i were to say your bottom in that
video
is shiny as an apple that would be a
simile yes
that's a sibling that's a simile gosh
i'm so sorry
yeah so do you like the song now i liked
it the whole time i just was worried
that it was misleading oh good
thanks for teaching me about this no
problem
is this yours please don't do that uh-oh
please don't do that
you're a monster is that a simile or is
it just a fact
sad fact hmm
[Music]
there you go well thanks tim apologies
for the people at the souvenir shop next
door
hi i'm jimmy kimmel and i am not allowed
to eat this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now i'm
hungry